Release Highlights + VersionName + Bump to 2.6.0 (#13881)
WalletWasabi/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi/Announcements/ReleaseHighlights.md

## Release Highlights
#### 💥 Support for Standard BIP 158 Block Filters
#### 💻 Full Node Integration Rework
#### 🔐 Create & Recover SLIP 39 Shares
#### 💪 Nostr Update Manager
#### 🤯 And more…

## Release Summary

Wasabi Wallet v2.6.0 "Prometheus" marks a significant milestone in our survival strategy, delivering major improvements in resiliency by eliminating dependency on centralized infrastructure while making it harder to stop.

### 💥 Support for Standard BIP 158 Block Filters

Wasabi can now synchronize using BIP 158 filters without requiring a backend/indexer. You can connect directly to your own node, significantly enhancing synchronization speed and resilience. This improvement allows clients to operate fully sovereign and independent of specific servers.

### 🔐 Create & Recover SLIP 39 Shares

> You can now create and recover wallets with multiple shares backups using SLIP 39 just specify the number of shares and the required threshold for recovery (e.g., a 2-of-3 scheme requires 2 of the 3 generated seed phrases to unlock the funds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create and recover wallets with multiple share backups using SLIP 39. Simply specify the number of shares and the required threshold for recovery (e.g., a 2-of-3 scheme requires 2 of the 3 generated seed phrases to unlock the funds).
```

This offers additional flexibility for backups, as individual shares can be compromised without endangering funds.

Special thanks to Trezor (SatoshiLabs) for sponsoring this amazing feature.

### 💻 Full Node Integration Rework

> The previous integration was replaced with a simpler, more flexible system which is not limited to a specific Bitcoin node fork and doesn't depend on the node running on the same machine as Wasabi or require modifications to the node's configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous integration was replaced with a simpler, more flexible system which is not limited to a specific Bitcoin node fork and doesn't depend on the node running on the same machine as Wasabi, or require modifications to the node's configuration.
```
